USER INTERFACE-PROJECT

INTRODUCTION: This project pertains to "SOCIAL MEDIA" site and it's title is "SOCIO FACTS" which is a social media app. This allows user to register and then login to the website and post images, videos, send messages and follow other users and comment on their posts and pictures and videos. At first, user needs to register by entering their details like firstname, lastname, emailid, username and password and then by entering the same username and password user logins to website. After loggingin, user can post images and videos. Another task is, user sends a follow request to other follower who has account over same website or app and other user accepts request. Eventually, both users are followers for each and sends messages to each and posts images, videos and comments on them and also can create groups just like Whatsapp, Facebbok, Instagram and Twitter.

TECHNOLOGIES USED: For this website, i have used technologies like HTML(Hyper Text Markup Language), CSS(CASCADING STYLE SHEETS), JAVASCRIPT(JS), SQL(STRUCTURED QUERY LANGUAGE). Each and every technology used for this website has its prominance. HTML is used to buid the front-end of project while CSS is used to style the web pages like adding colors and images etc. JAVASCRIPT and SQL are used for back-end programming and connecting it to front-end to get final website. All JAVASCRIPT files are mentioned in models and routes folders in server and connected to database using DBCONNECT.JS

INSTALLATIONS: Need to install NODEMON, HEROKU, MYSQL for this website. HEROKU CLI is a cloud platform supporting numerous languages which is used for deploying and configuring while using MYSQL we can create tables in the database. This database stores the details of the user (or follower) like firstname, lastname, usernames and passwords. To install Nodemon, ought to type command "npm install nodemon" and to start the server, ought to type command "npm run dev". All commands need to be entered in Terminal in the "VisualStudioCode".

ENTITIES: Entities in this website are FOLLOWER, MESSAGES, POSTS and GROUPS. Each and every entity is associated with other and all are connected to one other and described graphically in ENTITY RELATIONSHIP DIAGRAM(ERD) in which others can view entities and their attributes and relationships between those entities.

